RHIDP-5422: TechDocs add-ons doc (#975)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/techdocs/proc-techdocs-addon-use-report-issue.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * assemblies/assembly-techdocs-addons-using.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="proc-techdocs-addon-use-report-issue_{context}"]
== Using the ReportIssue TechDocs add-on

If you find an error in your organization's TechDocs documentation, you can use the `ReportIssue` add-on to open a new GitHub or GitLab issue directly from the documentation. `ReportIssue` automatically imports the text that you highlight in the document into a new issue template in your repository.

.Prerequisites
* The `ReportIssue` add-on is installed and enabled in your TechDocs plugin.

> * You have permissions to write to the repository where documentation issues are reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have permissions to create issues in the repository where documentation issues are reported.
```

One doesn't need to have write permissions to create issues.
